Feat(addons-info): Add addons-info command and documentation (#689)
Scalingo/cli: README.md

     addons-add        Provision an add-on for your application
     addons-remove     Remove an existing addon from your app
     addons-upgrade    Upgrade or downgrade an add-on attached to your app

>      addons-info       Display infos about add-ons attached to your app

Reviewer: The word "information" is uncountable in English. Moreover this call is about a single addon, hence I would remove the `s`
```suggestion
     addons-info       Display info about add-on attached to your app
```

Author: I thought so too. But since all the others commands (addons-add, addons-remove, addons-upgrade...) have an `s` I got confused.
